[
    {
        "Course_Name": "[SoSe 2024] Insurgent Design",
        "Course_id": "39049",
        "Forums": [
            [
                {
                    "Forum_name": "Ankündigungen",
                    "Forum_id": "1814348",
                    "Discussions": [
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Template for final delivery",
                            "Discussion_Id": "607424",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1089231",
                                    "Author": "Juliana Soares Gomes Canedo",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-07-12T10:41:42+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Dear all, the template for the ebook is on the shared folder 01_Product. The link is in the main page of ISIS but I also send it here: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1vtHlCcmIcdqV_JDU6RHUYg8veR0i_UGd&usp=drive_fs  See you all in later! Best wishes Juliana",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Email from Anja for tomorrow",
                            "Discussion_Id": "607341",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1089101",
                                    "Author": "Juliana Soares Gomes Canedo",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-07-11T20:53:49+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Liebe Studenten,  Sorry, dass ich mich erst so kurz vor dem Fest nochmal bei Euch melde und dann auch gleich an Euch alle schreibe, es war noch viel zu tun. 1. Standorte im Park : Da unser Fest an einem öffentlichen Ort stattfindet, mussten wir das von verschiedenen Ämtern  genehmigen lassen und es gab da noch einige Verhandlungen bis heute, vorallem über die Flächen im Park, die wir benutzen dürfen und welche nicht. Ich habe jetzt eine Karte gemacht, und alle Flächen, die wir benutzen können Orange markiert. Ich schicke sie im Anhang.   2. Zur Ausstattung:  Es wird vermutlich genug Tische und Stühle geben.  Und wir haben 3 Pavillons ( Überdachungen) aber da geht mindestens einer Für den Essenstand weg. Strom ist auch da.  3.Kurzpräsention der Standorte/ Projekte  In Form von Kurzinterviews live   Wir haben auch eine Moderation von radioconnection.  Und würden uns freuen, wenn Einige von Euch über 1- 2 Fragen nochmal kurz ihr Projekt vorstellen können. Vielleicht auch sehr gern mit 1-2 Teilnehmer:innen vom Projekt....Das ist natürlich freiwillig. Ist aber eine gute Chance nochmal den eigenen Stand auch zu bewerben.   Ansonsten hoffen wir , dass das Wetter morgen auf unserer Seite steht.   Mit sommerlichen Grüßen   Anja Barmeyer-Grunke Netzwerk- /Ehrenamtskoordination GU Paul-Schwenk-Str. 3-21",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Room cleaning - important",
                            "Discussion_Id": "606913",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1088524",
                                    "Author": "Juliana Soares Gomes Canedo",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-07-10T14:39:44+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Dear all, We need to clean up the room before next Wednesday due to the set up of the IFA Expo. Everything that belongs to you, or trash please take it out before that date. Besides we need to bring the tables for the small space between 201B and our the entrance to our Studio (it is already separated with 2 panels as in the picture below), if you could also support with this it would be great. the tables will be piled up in this small space, so maybe if you manage to do this with some of the tables already is perfect.  Best! Juliana",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "link for shared folder",
                            "Discussion_Id": "606363",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1087726",
                                    "Author": "Juliana Soares Gomes Canedo",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-07-08T17:23:44+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Dear all, as suggested by Oline, I added the link to the shared folder in the main page of the ISIS. If you have any trouble let me know. Best wishes! Juliana",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Materials for the 12th",
                            "Discussion_Id": "606355",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1087711",
                                    "Author": "Juliana Soares Gomes Canedo",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-07-08T17:12:57+02:00",
                                    "Content": 