[
    {
        "Course_Name": "[SoSe 2024] Communicating Hot Topics in Intelligence Research (Science of Intelligence: Distilling Discourse into Outreach)",
        "Course_id": "37909",
        "Forums": [
            [
                {
                    "Forum_name": "Ankündigungen",
                    "Forum_id": "1772880",
                    "Discussions": [
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Workshops &amp; final presentations",
                            "Discussion_Id": "604696",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1085369",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-07-01T14:38:23+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Dear all, Now that all invited guests have visited us, the plan for the remaining Tuesdays is as follows: July 2nd, 16:15: Workshop, short input to Audacity, open questions, independent group work July 9th, 16:15: Workshop, open questions, independent group work July 16th, 16:15: Every group presents ca. 10min of their podcast rough cut (upload of the full episode on ISIS) Please remember that the podcast episode is a necessary requirement for this course. If you cannot join on Tuesday, July 16th, write an email to roth@tu-berlin.de (please also remind your team members about this). We also want to highly encourage you to come to the workshops - even if you don't have any questions for us - and use them for your group work.  All the best & we hope to see you on the three upcoming Tuesdays! Benny & Nico",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                },
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1088194",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-07-09T17:03:39+02:00",
                                    "Content": "As we briefly discussed today, we're trying to turn the last lecture with your final presentations into a small event (i.e., order pizza again). To increase the chances that this will actually be financed by SCIoI, we would - unless we hear any concerns from your side - also invite people from the SCIoI cluster (we don't expect many people to join, maybe a few PhD students). If you feel uncomfortable with that for some reason, please let us know by Thursday morning, July 11th. Looking forward to it!",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Course evaluation on ISIS",
                            "Discussion_Id": "606694",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1088198",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-07-09T17:10:51+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Most of you have probably already seen that there is now an option to evaluate this course on ISIS. The questionnaire is short (3 grades and an option to provide text), and we would really appreciate it if you would take the time to do this! The questions are quite generic, so please feel encouraged to provide more specific feedback in the \"essay\" field; we would be curious to read your thoughts. Cheers, Nico",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Hope for higher participation on Katja Liebal's talk, June 27 ",
                            "Discussion_Id": "602598",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1082312",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-06-21T12:45:02+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Dear all, I just uploaded the recording of Brian's great talk yesterday. The only bummer on the otherwise very successful day (again, great work with the interview!) was the embarrassingly low attendance from people out of this seminar (only 4 [!!] by my count - fortunately, a good number of people from SCIoI and the psychology department appreciated Brian's visit). I'm not sure what the reason for this is (maybe uploading the talks was/is a mistake?), but I really hope that the participation in Katja Liebal's talk next week will be higher again. See you then, Nico",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Additional Workshop on 04.06.2024?",
                            "Discussion_Id": "595990",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1072575",
                                    "Author": "Benjamin Lang",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-05-22T13:51:29+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Hey,  As we'll have Iain Couzin & Christof Koch visiting in the same week, there are no events scheduled for the week 03.-09.06. However, we felt like there may be some demand for additional feedback & discussion. As mentioned in one of the lectures, we'd happily offer an additional workshop on Tuesday, 04.06.24 - if you want that. We could use that time to discuss the next steps and questions for the outstanding interviews - and maybe yesterday's interview team would care to share their experiences with Sepp Hochreiter with the other groups? So, nobody needs to feel obligated to show up on 04.06., but we'll be around & available for discussions.  Some feedback on whether there is in fact a demand for that would be appreciated ;)  Best, Benny",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                },
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1076554",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-06-03T16:22:13+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Just a reminder that Benny & I will be available for your questions tomorrow, Tuesday, 4.6., at 16:15 in MAR 2.057 (as ususal). Please make use of this opportunity, especially if you have questions about contacting your second (SCIoI internal) expert. As we said, we want you to have audio material as early as possible, such that you can work productively on your script.",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "IMPORTANT REMINDER: Course Registration (for 3 ECTS)",
                            "Discussion_Id": "596229",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1072897",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-05-23T10:29:02+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Dear all, The official course registration deadline is approaching. After 31.05.2024 (Friday next week), signing in or out of the course won't be possible anymore. We currently have 21 registrations (which is way below the 35 students assigned to a group). Only register for the course if you are assigned to a group! On the other hand, let us know as soon as possible if you are assigned to a group but do not want to register for the course. For a step-by-step guide on how to register, see the previous post. If you are not a TU student you should be able to register as \"Gasthörer*in\". In the past, however, this sometimes did not work, so it might be easier to send an email to camilla.groiss@tu-berlin.de with your name, university, and matriculation number. As discussed before, we can only reward you with 3 ECTS for completing this course (including HU / M&B students). If there is a person in your group you have not yet heard from / does not seem to be interested in contributing to the group work, please let us know now. I know this is an awkward situation, but informing us before the registration deadline will save everyone involved a lot of emails and nerves later on. If you have questions, please use the reply function here since it might be relevant to more people. (If you have a private question, you can still ask me via mail.) Best, Nico",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                },
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1075059",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-05-29T12:03:12+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Short update: We have 26 registrations now, which is still way below the expected 35. Please check again if you registered and ask/remind your group members. If you're not registered by Friday, we won't be able to give you credit points for this course.",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Zoom link for invited talks",
                            "Discussion_Id": "595558",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1071950",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-05-21T09:56:02+02:00",
                                    "Content": "As announced, all invited talks of this seminar - starting today with the talk by Sepp Hochreiter - will be hybrid, and the Zoom link is: https://tu-berlin.zoom.us/j/62628317309?pwd=Nk5OZmdpU1pKL2tVKy9PcGNDMzMvQT09",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Upload your material for further feedback",
                            "Discussion_Id": "594643",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1070481",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-05-15T13:29:20+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Dear all, Very sorry that I couldn't make it yesterday. And very much unfortunately it seems like there were technical difficulties with the recording, so I cannot watch your presentations now. I heard you already had a fruitful feedback session yesterday, but if you would like me to also have a look at your materials & questions, just upload them in the discussion forum of your group, and I'll have a look at them. Best, Nico",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Contacting SCIoI internal PIs",
                            "Discussion_Id": "593263",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1068256",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-05-08T13:10:08+02:00",
                                    "Content": "I think I forgot to mention that explicitly in the lecture, but please put me (roth@tu-berlin.de) in CC when you contact the SCIoI PIs. We also need to keep an eye on not over-booking the podcast studio, while as long as you keep me in the loop, there should be no problem there. As discussed, you can ask them similar questions you would also like to ask the external expert, but make sure to also familiarize yourself with the work of the SCIoI PIs. A few thoughts: Alex Kacelnik will most likely not be in Berlin, but I hope he will be available via Zoom. Martin Rolfs will probably be available in person on May 30th. If Jens Krause does not have time, we can ask Pawel Romanczuk (https://www.scienceofintelligence.de/people/pawel-romanczuk/) The groups of Asifa Majid (Rasha Abdel Rahman) and Sepp Hochreiter (Alan Akbik) are also welcome to contact the SCIoI PIs, but it might make sense to focus on interviewing the external experts first Alan Akbik will give a talk on the work in his group / at SCIoI (https://www.scienceofintelligence.de/event/pi-lecture-with-alan-akbik-2/). I won't be able to join, but it might be a good chance to talk to him / get to know his work. Please don't hesitate to ask any questions about these interviews; just post them here (or send them to roth@tu-berlin.de).",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Materials for group work uploaded (in week of the speaker)",
                            "Discussion_Id": "589979",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1063205",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-04-25T19:06:48+02:00",
                                    "Content": "We uploaded materials to all of our invited speakers with (potentially) relevant publications, talks, and/or interviews (links in the respective folder description). Please find the folders for each speaker in the corresponding week here in ISIS. These materials are just recommendations from our side, and there is no need to go through all of them in detail, nor should you restrict yourself to them. Just have a look at it as a group, and feel free to reach out to us. Each speaker has a discussion forum now where you can ask group-specific questions about the preparation. We are curious to hear your thoughts on the topics!",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                },
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1063503",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-04-26T12:53:32+02:00",
                                    "Content": "As some of the materials we uploaded are copyrighted, we urge you not to share them outside of this course.",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                },
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1068058",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-05-07T23:54:44+02:00",
                                    "Content": "If you have questions about the uploaded or linked materials, please feel free to ask them in the respective discussion forum (this is what they are there for). We're looking forward to your inputs next week!",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Group allocation completed",
                            "Discussion_Id": "589208",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1062019",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-04-24T09:42:41+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Dear all, Based on your vote in the fair allocation tool and our discussion in yesterday's lecture (or your emails), we assigned you to the six groups now. Please reach out to your group members through ISIS, mail, or self-organized groups (I would recommend Slack or Discord, but also any messenger app would do). If you feel like you have been assigned to the wrong group or you are in no group but want to join the course, let me know as soon as possible, latest by the end of this week. You should see your group affiliation within ISIS, below there is the updated table. You need to be part of a group to fulfill the course requirement, so make sure that you only register via MOSES if you are assigned to a group. See you next week, Nico  Asifa Majid (Psychological Universals) Anna Naomi Araiwa (araiwa@tu-berlin.de), Rafael Carvalho de Mendonca Miranda (carvalho.de.mendonca.miranda@campus.tu-berlin.de), Sofya Vadimovna Evdokimova (sofya.vadimovna.evdokimova@student.hu-berlin.de), Enea Gurra (e.gurra@campus.tu-berlin.de), Marie Luise Theresia Mehner (mehner@campus.tu-berlin.de), Irene Senatore (irene.senatore@student.hu-berlin.de) Brian Scholl (Visiual Intelligence) Medine Atak (m.atak@campus.tu-berlin.de), Myriam Anne-Claire Hamon (hamon@campus.tu-berlin.de), Fabian Dennis Henning (fabian.dennis.henning@campus.tu-berlin.de), Peter Kopylov (peter.kopylov@tu-berlin.de), Amin Mohamed Amin Rida (amin.rida@campus.tu-berlin.de) Christof Koch (Consciousness) Marvin Rakesh Beese (m.beese@campus.tu-berlin.de), Arina Belova (arina.belova@campus.tu-berlin.de), Mihai-Aurelian Dumitrescu (dumitrescu@campus.tu-berlin.de), Ryan Forrest Gelston (gelston@campus.tu-berlin.de), Gaishuang Qin (gaishuang.qin@campus.tu-berlin.de) Iain Couzin (Collective Cognition) David Pierre Kehrer (kehrer@campus.tu-berlin.de), Alexander Kirilov Popov (alexander.k.popov@campus.tu-berlin.de), Deniz Mert Tecimer (tecimer@campus.tu-berlin.de), Taisiia Tikhomirova (tikhomirova@campus.tu-berlin.de) Katja Liebal (Behavioral Biology) Maximilian Alex (m.alex@tu-berlin.de), Paul-Lukas Bergmann (paul-lukas.bergmann@campus.tu-berlin.de), Baris Can Colak (colak@campus.tu-berlin.de), Oskar Felix Kupke (o.kupke@campus.tu-berlin.de) Sepp Hochreiter (Large Language Models) Elena Bank (e.bank@campus.tu-berlin.de), Edgar Blumenthal (e.blumenthal@campus.tu-berlin.de), Marten Janosch Eckardt (m.eckardt@campus.tu-berlin.de), Alphan Eracar (eracar@campus.tu-berlin.de), Sarah Jessica Kron (kron@campus.tu-berlin.de), Anderson Marques Machado (anderson.marquesmachado@campus.tu-berlin.de), Faraz Maschhur (f.maschhur@tu-berlin.de), Erik Rubinov (erik.rubinov@campus.tu-berlin.de), Julia Marie Schramm (julia.marie.schramm@campus.tu-berlin.de), Gregor Voigts (gregor.voigts@campus.tu-berlin.de)",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Group assignments in today's lecture (23.4.)",
                            "Discussion_Id": "588827",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1061411",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-04-23T11:45:10+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Dear all, Many thanks to everyone who filled out their preferences in the \"fair allocation tool\". We were surprised that considerably more people filled out the tool than attended the first lecture. As announced last week, we will finalize the group allocation in today's lecture, so please be there to make sure you will get a slot. If you cannot make it but are still motivated to take the course, write me an email (roth@tu-berlin.de) before today's lecture starts.",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Correction: Exam registration via MOSES (TU students)",
                            "Discussion_Id": "586798",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1058230",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-04-17T11:53:44+02:00",
                                    "Content": "My apologies; I just talked to our secretary Camilla Groiß, and you were right: TU students have to register for the course via MOSES. I cannot verify the process myself (as I'm not in the system as a student), but Camilla provided a (German) instruction on how to do it. Please find the DeepL translated version below. (As a short update for all M&B / HU students: You will definitely be able to attend the course for 3 ECTS as described in the TU Modulbeschreibung [as \"Nebenhörer*in\"]. It is still being debated if we can also offer the course as 5 ECTS, sorry for that.) Anleitung zur Prüfungs-Anmeldung über MOSES Melden Sie sich auf MOSES mit Ihren TU-Zugangsdaten an. Klicken Sie oben auf \"MTS,\" dann links im Menü auf \"Modulprüfungen\" und dort auf \"An-/Abmelden.\" Klicken Sie auf \"Neue Prüfungsanmeldung erstellen\" und wählen Sie das aktuelle Semester, Sommersemester 2024, aus. Geben Sie den Modultitel \"Communicating Hot Topics in Intelligent Research\" ein und wählen Sie das Modul mit der Nummer 41185 aus. Wählen Sie die Prüfung aus, zu der Sie sich anmelden wollen. Gehen Sie dann sorgfältig alle Schritte durch den Wizard durch und bestätigen Sie die Übersicht auf der letzen Seite. Erst nachdem Sie den Wizard komplett durchlaufen haben und am Ende nochmal auf Speichern geklickt haben, wird Ihr Antrag gespeichert. Überprüfen Sie umgehend, ob Sie den Prozess erfolgreich durchlaufen haben, indem Sie überprüfen, ob die Anmeldung in Ihrem Profil oder in der Anmeldeübersicht angezeigt wird. Sollte Ihre Anmeldung dort nicht zu finden sein, müssen Sie den Wizard erneut durchlaufen. Achten Sie dabei darauf, diesen unbedingt komplett (entsprechend unserer Beschreibung) durchzuklicken.  Sollte es weiterhin zu Problemen kommen, wenden Sie sich bitte umgehend an das Sekretariat des Fachgebietes (sekr@ni.tu-berlin.de), um Unterstützung zu erhalten. Bitte beachten Sie, dass Sie nach erfolgreicher Anmeldung noch nicht zur Prüfung zugelassen sind. Nachdem der Anmeldezeitraum geendet hat, wird von uns geprüft, ob Sie ordnungsgemäss angemeldet sind und Ihr Status auf \"Zugelassen\" geändert. Nur dann können Sie an der Prüfung teilnehmen. Studierende anderer Universitäten können sich NICHT auf MOSES anmelden und schicken daher eine e-mail an die o.g. Sekretariatsadresse unter Angabe Ihres Namens, Ihrer Matrikelnummer und der Heimatuniversität. Die Anmeldefrist endet für ALLE Teilnehmenden am 31.05. um 23:59:59 Uhr. Bitte beachten Sie, dass danach systembedingt weder An- noch Abmeldungen möglich sind. ______________________ English translation: Instructions for exam registration via MOSES Log in to MOSES with your TU access data. Click on \"MTS\" at the top, then on \"Module examinations\" in the menu on the left and then on \"Register/deregister.\" Click on \"Create new exam registration\" and select the current semester, summer semester 2024. Enter the module title \"Communicating Hot Topics in Intelligent Research\" and select the module with the number 41185. Select the exam you want to register for. Then carefully go through all the steps in the wizard and confirm the overview on the last page. Your application will only be saved once you have completed the wizard and clicked Save again at the end. Check immediately whether you have successfully completed the process by checking whether the application is displayed in your profile or in the application overview. If you cannot find your application there, you will need to go through the wizard again. Make sure you click through it completely (according to our description). If you continue to have problems, please contact the departmental office (sekr@ni.tu-berlin.de) for support. Please note that you are not yet admitted to the exam once you have successfully registered. After the registration period has ended, we will check whether you have registered correctly and change your status to \"Admitted\". Only then can you take the exam. Students from other universities CANNOT register on MOSES and therefore send an e-mail to the above-mentioned secretariat address, stating your name, matriculation number and home university. The registration deadline for ALL participants is May 31 at 11:59:59 pm. Please note that, due to the system, neither registrations nor deregistrations are possible after this time.  Translated with DeepL.com (free version)",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Modulbeschreibung and degree program",
                            "Discussion_Id": "586636",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1058016",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-04-16T22:23:35+02:00",
                                    "Content": "As promised in today's lecture, please find the Modulbeschreibung of this course here: https://moseskonto.tu-berlin.de/moses/modultransfersystem/bolognamodule/beschreibung/anzeigen.html?nummer=41185&version=1&sprache=2 In \"Zugeordnete Studiengänge\", you will find that this lecture can be used in \"Wahlpflicht\" as part of \"Kognitive Systeme / Cognitive Systems\" (for Computer Engineering (M. Sc.), Computer Science (Informatik) (M. Sc.), Elektrotechnik (M. Sc.)). If you have specific questions about your particular study program, you can ask the secretary of the NI-chair Camilla Groiß (sekr@ni.tu-berlin.de). For all M&B / HU students: We will update you as soon as we get more info.",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Please use the \"Fair allocation\" tool",
                            "Discussion_Id": "586630",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1058007",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-04-16T22:09:15+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Dear all, Many thanks again for your interest in this course. Please indicate your preference for topics in the \"Fair allocation\" tool until Monday, 22 April, 23:59. We will dedicate 10-15min of next week's lecture to (hopefully) finalize the grouping. In case you would like a reminder about the topics, we will upload the slides and the recording of todays lecture tomorrow. Hope to see you then, Nico",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    ]
                }
            ],
            null,
            null,
            null,
            null,
            null,
            [
                {
                    "Forum_name": "Discussion: Sepp Hochreiter",
                    "Forum_id": "1825752",
                    "Discussions": [
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Well Done",
                            "Discussion_Id": "595955",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1072530",
                                    "Author": "Benjamin Lang",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-05-22T12:36:47+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Again, congrats to yesterday's crew on delivering a great interview session. Really looking forward to your episodes and the interviews to come!",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    ]
                }
            ],
            [
                {
                    "Forum_name": "Discussion: Asifa Majid",
                    "Forum_id": "1825753",
                    "Discussions": [
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Interview with Rasha on July 4th, 10 or 11am?",
                            "Discussion_Id": "603812",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1084063",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-06-26T15:32:50+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Rasha responded and proposed a date. Does that work for you? (Tip for scheduling things with Profs: Always confirm as soon as possible before they have second thoughts ;D)",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Interview on Friday, May 31st at 10 am",
                            "Discussion_Id": "596243",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1072919",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-05-23T10:59:37+02:00",
                                    "Content": "This is just a reminder that your interview with Asifa is scheduled for Friday, May 31st, at 10 am. Let's meet at 9:45 am in the SCIoI media lab / podcast studio in MAR 2.067. The whole group is welcome to join the interview, but please appoint two people to ask the questions. I would like to encourage you to come in person to her talk (will start at 16:00!) the day before, so you can already get to know her there. If you have questions, please ask them here and/or upload your material if you would like additional feedback. Looking forward to it!",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    ]
                }
            ],
            [
                {
                    "Forum_name": "Discussion: Iain Couzin",
                    "Forum_id": "1825754",
                    "Discussions": [
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Planning Iain's visit on June 11th",
                            "Discussion_Id": "596416",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1073183",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-05-23T19:23:01+02:00",
                                    "Content": "We are now planning Iain's visit on June 11th. He will be at the MAR building for the whole day. A few questions: Who of you would like to join for lunch?  Do you know who will conduct the interview (everyone can join, but only 2 should ask questions)?  Do you have time preferences for the interview or can we schedule it any time in the day? Please let us know soon. Looking forward to it!",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                },
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1075525",
                                    "Author": "David Pierre Kehrer",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-05-30T14:52:13+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Hello, thank you for helping us with the planning. Sorry for the delayed reply we had some trouble getting everyones input. 1. Cedric, Taisiia, Deniz and David would like to join for lunch. 2. Taisiia and Deniz will conduct the interview. 3. Time preferences would be after 12:00. Besides that we are flexibel!  With best regards!",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                },
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1075825",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-05-31T13:52:34+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Alright, thanks for the info. We will schedule the interview sometime between lunch and his talk, and I'll let you know the exact time in a week.  Best, Nico",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                },
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1078003",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-06-07T13:46:57+02:00",
                                    "Content": "I'm sorry, you said your time preference would be after 12:00, but Pawel Romanczuk, who organizes the program for Iain on June 11th, apart from the interview & talk, was just informed that the Kita of his child is on strike on this day.  I know it is far from ideal, but would it be possible to have the interview already at 10:00-11:00?  Please briefly discuss that in your group communication channels and let me know as soon as possible. Thanks!",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                },
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1078041",
                                    "Author": "David Pierre Kehrer",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-06-07T15:25:34+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Hey, Ofcourse, things happen, no problem. 10-11 is fine!",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                },
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1078046",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-06-07T15:53:24+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Great, thank you! Let's meet shortly before 10 in front of the MAR building then. (Sorry for all the back and forth...!)",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                },
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1077264",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-06-05T12:35:59+02:00",
                                    "Content": "We mentioned in the workshop yesterday that Iain Couzin might not be able to come due to personal reasons. He wrote us again now that - despite the circumstances - he is planning to come and he sent us the updated details for his talk.  Title: Collective intelligence in animals and robots  Abstract In 1905 the biologist Edmund Selous wrote of his wonderment when observing a flock of starlings flying overhead “they circle; now dense like a polished roof, now disseminated like the meshes of some vast all-heaven-sweeping net...wheeling, rending, darting...a madness in the sky”. He went on to speculate “They must think collectively, all at the same time, or at least in streaks or patches — a square yard or so of an idea, a flash out of so many brains”. Today, we still know relatively little about how social interactions connect brains together—and thus how sensing and information processing arises in such organismal collectives. Employing automated tracking, computational reconstruction of sensory information, biomimetic robotics, and immersive ‘holographic’ virtual reality (VR) experiments, I will explore geometric principles of collective decision-making that occur across scales of biological organization, from neural dynamics to animal collectives. In doing so I will explain why classical models from non-linear statistical physics fail to account for collective animal behavior. I will will present several new theoretical frameworks, including active inference and neural ring attractor networks, that do account for key experimental findings and challenge long-held beliefs about how order can emerge from disorder within animal collectives.",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    ]
                }
            ],
            [
                {
                    "Forum_name": "Discussion: Christof Koch",
                    "Forum_id": "1825756",
                    "Discussions": [
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Interview with Michael Pauen",
                            "Discussion_Id": "602722",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1082490",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-06-22T09:33:11+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Dear CK group, As far as we know, you didn't contact Michael Pauen yet. As discussed, we really want to encourage you to take the opportunity to talk to him (all other groups have two experts, one external and one internal from SCIoI). You are now already very late in contacting him, so I guess if you want to have a chance, you'd really have to hurry and write the mail (m@pauen.com, with roth@tu-berlin.de in CC). We also said you can, if you really want to, do it just based on the interview with Christof. If you actually decide to do that, we'd ask you to put some extra thought into how to make the episode encouraging and entertaining. Best, Nico",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Planning Christof's visit on June 13th",
                            "Discussion_Id": "596417",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1073184",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-05-23T19:24:28+02:00",
                                    "Content": "We are now planning Christof's visit on June 13th. He will be at the MAR building from 11:30 on. A few questions: Who of you would like to join for lunch?  Do you know who will conduct the interview (everyone can join, but only 2 should ask questions)?  Do you have time preferences for the interview or can we schedule it any time in the day? Please let us know soon. Looking forward to it!",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                },
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1073472",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-05-24T17:37:12+02:00",
                                    "Content": "The plan is probably to meet in front of the MAR building, go for an early lunch with him and all of you who want to join at 11:30-12:30 in the PTB mensa, and then have the podcast interview from 12:30-13:30. If you have objections to this, please let me know as soon as possible, at the latest on Monday, 27.5., at 1 pm. (As you can imagine, many people would like to meet with Christof, so I want to fix your slot early.)",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                },
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1073562",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-05-25T02:18:38+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Apologies, I had a typo in the previous post (now corrected): Christof will, of course, visit us on Thursday, June 13th.",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                },
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1073840",
                                    "Author": "Ryan Forrest Gelston",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-05-27T07:47:50+02:00",
                                    "Content": "To follow up:  1) As of now four people in our group would like to join for lunch, though I would expect perhaps one or two others to want to join.  2) Interviewers have still not been decided.  3) The interview time of 12:30-13:30 works for us.  Thank you for helping make this happen!",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                },
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1073974",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-05-27T10:58:18+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Thanks, Ryan! 1.) Good to know; the exact number is not so important at the moment. 2.) I see. My suggestion would be that we seat the people who would like to interview but won't end up doing so next to Christof during lunch, so everyone will get the chance to interact. 3.) Great, that is important to know! Our pleasure! =)",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                },
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1073583",
                                    "Author": "Ryan Forrest Gelston",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-05-25T11:54:17+02:00",
                                    "Content": "I'd enjoy joining for lunch.  We're still figuring out who will be interviewing, but will know at least a week before the interview.  I reached out to the group regarding time preferences and will let you know when people get back to me.  Sorry for the delayed response.",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                },
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1076560",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-06-03T16:29:17+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Sorry for the back and forth, but would you as a group also be okay with having the interview on June 13th at 14:30-15:30? A group of Profs would also like to meet Christof, but that would only be possible if we shift the meeting slots around...",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    ]
                }
            ],
            null,
            [
                {
                    "Forum_name": "Discussion: Katja Liebal",
                    "Forum_id": "1825757",
                    "Discussions": [
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Katja Liebal Interview Timeslot",
                            "Discussion_Id": "603035",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1082954",
                                    "Author": "Benjamin Lang",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-06-24T12:48:53+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Hey all,  what do you think about Interviewing Katja from 11:00 - 12:00 on Thursday? Max, any chance that could work for you as well, or will you be occupied with the tutorial?  Best, Benjamin",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                },
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1083342",
                                    "Author": "Paul-Lukas Bergmann",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-06-25T09:03:50+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Hey Benjamin, Thursday 11-12 works fine for our group. Unfortunately Max cannot make it for the Interview, but could join after 12 for lunch or other activities.  Best, Paul",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Interview with Alex",
                            "Discussion_Id": "598608",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1076547",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-06-03T16:16:07+02:00",
                                    "Content": "What are your plans with regards of contacting Alex Kacelnik? Please always put roth@tu-berlin.de in CC when contacting Profs from this course. As we said before, we think it would be more than useful for you to have an interview to work with before Katja's visit. What is your current status? If you have any questions, including how to best contact Alex or what to ask him, just write them here or come to the workshop tomorrow (Tuesday, 16:15, MAR 2.057).",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    ]
                }
            ],
            [
                {
                    "Forum_name": "Discussion: Workshops",
                    "Forum_id": "1850362",
                    "Discussions": [
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Topics for the workshop next week",
                            "Discussion_Id": "605103",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1085948",
                                    "Author": "Nicolas Roth",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-07-02T18:12:13+02:00",
                                    "Content": "It was great seeing all the groups today at the workshop. Please let us know here in the forum if we should prepare an input for next week / what would help you. In any case, we'd like to encourage you again to come to the next & last workshop and use it to co-work and ask for help & feedback.",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Interview Recordings",
                            "Discussion_Id": "604664",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1085323",
                                    "Author": "Benjamin Lang",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-07-01T13:45:38+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Hey,  does everybody have their interview recordings by now? Otherwise, let me know.  Best, Benny",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    ]
                }
            ]
        ]
    }
]