[
    {
        "Course_Name": "Integrated Collaborative Civil Systems Engineering SS 24",
        "Course_id": "37290",
        "Forums": [
            [
                {
                    "Forum_name": "Ankündigungen",
                    "Forum_id": "1754862",
                    "Discussions": [
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Evaluation first Project Presentation/Report",
                            "Discussion_Id": "599112",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1077252",
                                    "Author": "Timo Hartmann",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-06-05T11:57:19+02:00",
                                    "Content": "dear alll,  I just finalized the evaluation of the first part of the project. I hope it makes sense.  It was a little chaotic as I did not enable group submission for the project here on ISIS. So I hope I got it all right in terms of providing feedback and entering all  the grades. If not let me know.  The grades might seem on the low side, but are not considering that the project needs to be seen in the context of the reading as well. So projects are evaluated much stricter so as to balance the relatively easy reading part of the module. But maybe you can also consider this as motivation - in particular with respect to thinking and relating concepts towards the lectures and readings some more!",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "excursion tomorrow",
                            "Discussion_Id": "595772",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1072262",
                                    "Author": "Timo Hartmann",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-05-21T17:34:23+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Just  a quick reminder - tomorrow morning at 8:30 we meet for the tour of the Poststadion!! Please all be there - they were so nice to offer !!!! Timo",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Group meetings - you have to inform us about time and locaton",
                            "Discussion_Id": "591970",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1066227",
                                    "Author": "Timo Hartmann",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-05-03T09:18:43+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Dear all,  it is great that all groups met this week - so we are off to a start. Please remember: It is compulsory that you choose a fixed time every week to meet and inform us about that time and place so we can join when we see fit. Of the three groups, I was only able to join one meeting, as the others did not provide me with enough information. Ideally you meet in person in the ICE room. Only as an exception we will tolerate online meetings.  Timo",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Tour of the post stadium",
                            "Discussion_Id": "591968",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1066225",
                                    "Author": "Timo Hartmann",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-05-03T09:15:51+02:00",
                                    "Content": "As discussed in class, we will get a tour of the post stadium. The date is 22.5., we meet at 8:30 at the ticket booth,  Lehrter Straße 59. The tour is compulsory for all - please be present! We will shift the schedule accordingly - the team presentation of your high-performance-criteria is moved to 29.5.! Timo",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Final groups",
                            "Discussion_Id": "590389",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1063793",
                                    "Author": "Timo Hartmann",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-04-27T07:11:08+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Dear ICE students.  I finalized the groups and set everything up here on ISIS. You can use the group forum to get in contact. We need to start with first group meetings next week - so please find a time when you meet for 1.5 hours. Please let us know when you will meet next week by latest Wednesday! If you meet earlier, please also let us know! Remember: Each group needs to also settle on a regular meeting time every week and inform us.  Best, Timo",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Please notify me about your weekly meeting time",
                            "Discussion_Id": "589214",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1062026",
                                    "Author": "Timo Hartmann",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-04-24T09:50:28+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Dear students,  please notify me about your chosen weekly meeting time using the group discussion forum here on ISIS in the 'Project Assignments' session. As mentioned group work should have started this week - but has to start the latest next week. We will join your group work sessions in person as well, so you will need us know when every week you will meet.  You can use the ICE room for your group meetings if you want to, but you need to let us know so we can open the space for you. In case you plan to meet somewhere else, please let us know where that is so we could join you. It is Okay to meet online once in a while, but we strongly suggest face to face meetings. In case you will meet online, please provide us with access to the meeting as well.  Please use the group forum for all communication about planning of group sessions.  Best, Timo",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Possibility to still join the module /  a group",
                            "Discussion_Id": "589202",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1062009",
                                    "Author": "Timo Hartmann",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-04-24T09:34:10+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Dear students,  today in the lecture we discussed that we might want to try to established a third group for ICE. So there might be a possibility for those who missed the initial sign up date last Friday to still participate. If you are interested, please write me a personal email (timo.hartmann@tu-berlin.de) - I will add group membership on a first come - first serve basis ... at the same time please fill in the discipline survey here on ISIS to formally register.  Best, Timo",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Reading - Comments on first two texts are due already next Wednesday",
                            "Discussion_Id": "587943",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1059972",
                                    "Author": "Timo Hartmann",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-04-20T12:15:40+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Hi all,  just a short reminder. The readings for the first two texts (comments on Perusall) are already due next week at the start of the lecture. Please do not forget! Timo",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Groups are posted online",
                            "Discussion_Id": "587941",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1059970",
                                    "Author": "Timo Hartmann",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-04-20T12:11:24+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Hallo all,  I just set-up the groups for this years ICE course. There is a sheet in the project section and I will set up the group functions in ISIS now.  As discussed on Wednesday: all group members are now signed up formally for the course and the assignment (i.e. there will be a grade for all of you - and this grade can be a fail - of course nobody who works seriously will fail ;) ). Please get together in your group asap and set up a first meeting of 1.5 hours for next week. You can use the CSE ICE room for the meetings if you want to. Please let me know when you will meet next week. As mentioned we might join the group work as well. Also use this first session to set up your regular weekly work time (1.5 hours per week) - also inform us when you will meet every week! I am really looking forward to the course this year! I think it will be great fun! Timo",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    ]
                }
            ],
            [
                {
                    "Forum_name": "Announcements",
                    "Forum_id": "1760716",
                    "Discussions": [
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Lecture on Wednesday 26.06. ",
                            "Discussion_Id": "602950",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1082844",
                                    "Author": "Johannes Leonard Häufler",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-06-24T10:38:59+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Hey all together,  does the guest lecture will take place, this wednesday? It just says guest lecture: TBD.  Greetings,  Johannes",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    ]
                }
            ],
            [
                {
                    "Forum_name": "Groups Discussion",
                    "Forum_id": "1760744",
                    "Discussions": [
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "(ICE) Group A - WhatsApp Group Formation",
                            "Discussion_Id": "589159",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1061943",
                                    "Author": "Aryan Khan",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-04-24T06:33:19+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Hi all, Join this group on WhatsApp through the link below, I have already added Rufus but couldn't find other numbers https://chat.whatsapp.com/D4ZmPR6i45RLiQvuPJkkfd For the members of group A (ICE) Dani Zaeem - Structural design, Revit  Mina Astan - Architectural, revit Johannes Leonard Häufler - Risk Management, Papyrus / Excel / Asana Aryan Khan - Cost Engineer MS Excel, Galorath, Web John Ifeoluwa Bello - Building phys, Energy sim Energy-plus and R/pyhton Rufus Samuel - Life Cycle Analysis, R Studio",
                                    "Response to": "This is the original post"
                                },
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1062055",
                                    "Author": "Johannes Leonard Häufler",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-04-24T10:10:09+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Hey Aryan,  we’ve already gathered in this WhatsApp group:  https://chat.whatsapp.com/Hswsgcg5SE136lFt8jxl3T  Feel free to join! :)",
                                    "Response to": "p1061943"
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    ]
                }
            ]
        ]
    }
]