[
    {
        "Course_Name": "Project Geoinformatics - SS24",
        "Course_id": "37488",
        "Forums": [
            [
                {
                    "Forum_name": "Announcements",
                    "Forum_id": "1760904",
                    "Discussions": [
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "New data for \"Project Geoinformatics\"",
                            "Discussion_Id": "598929",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1076982",
                                    "Author": "Martin Kada",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-06-04T16:32:05+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Dear participants of the \"Project Geoinformatics\" course,  I just got a zip file (including PDFs and data (?) in DWG format) from ClimateHood, which also includes PDFs with information about trees both on the south and the north campus. Not sure how up-to-date this is and what could be done with it. But please check it out. See you on 24.06.2024. Best regards Martin Kada",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Presentations on 15.07.2024 starting 12:15h in room H6131",
                            "Discussion_Id": "598055",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1075721",
                                    "Author": "Martin Kada",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-05-31T10:07:44+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Dear participants of the \"Project Geoinformatics\" course, on 15.07.2024 starting at 12:15h in room H6131 are the presentations of the project. Each student has to present. The presentations are the first part of the examination and are graded. We will discuss the expectations on the presentations during our next meeting on 24.06.2024 Best regards Martin Kada",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "5th meeting on 24.06.2024 at 12:15h in H6131",
                            "Discussion_Id": "598054",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1075720",
                                    "Author": "Martin Kada",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-05-31T10:05:34+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Dear participants of the \"Project Geoinformatics\" course, our next meeting is on Monday 24.06.2024 at 12:15h in room H6131. During this meeting, we will discuss the presentations on 15.07.2024. The presentations are the first part of the examination and are graded. At this time, you should have a good idea of how the project is supposed to continue. Best regards Martin Kada",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "4th meeting on 27.05.2024 at 12:15h in H6131",
                            "Discussion_Id": "595354",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1071587",
                                    "Author": "Martin Kada",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-05-19T10:04:43+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Dear participants of the \"Project Geoinformatics\" course, as discussed last time, our next meeting is on Monday 27.05.2024 at 12:15h in room H6131. The slides from last meeting are now on the ISIS page. Best regards Martin Kada",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Registration in MOSES for module",
                            "Discussion_Id": "595230",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1071374",
                                    "Author": "Martin Kada",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-05-17T16:06:46+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Dear participants of the Module \"Project Geoinformatics\", you can now register for the module \"Project Geoinformatics\" in MOSES. It would be great if you register within the next week, so that we have some idea of how many students are actively participating in the module. You can withdraw until the beginning of July from the module within MOSES. Best regards Martin Kada",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "3rd meeting at Uni.Versum",
                            "Discussion_Id": "590723",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1064326",
                                    "Author": "Martin Kada",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-04-29T12:09:17+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Dear participants of the \"Project Geoinformatics\", we meet on 13.05.2024 at 12:15h at the Uni.Versum (the \"glass room\" on the ground floor). We will get more insights into the current project, the data availability, and the interactive table for planning purposes. Best regards Martin Kada",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "2nd meeting",
                            "Discussion_Id": "588105",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1060237",
                                    "Author": "Martin Kada",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-04-21T16:48:36+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Dear participants of the \"Project Geoinformatics\" course, our next meeting is on Monday 29.04.2024 at 12:15h in room H6131. Best regards Martin Kada",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Discussion_Name": "Start of course on 15.04.2024 at 12:15h",
                            "Discussion_Id": "585395",
                            "Messages": [
                                {
                                    "Message_id": "p1056199",
                                    "Author": "Martin Kada",
                                    "DateTime": "2024-04-11T09:49:10+02:00",
                                    "Content": "Dear students and participants of the course \"Project Geoinformatics\", please note that the course starts on 15.04.2024 at 12:15h in room H6131.  More information on Monday. Best regards Martin Kada",
                                    "Response to": "Response to nothing"
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    ]
                }
            ]
        ]
    }
]